Fig4 discussion rewrite (#177)
Klepac-Ceraj-Lab/Resonance: manuscript/main.tex

species that are associated with cognition make these microbes prime
targets for further mechanistic studies.

While we did not identify any statistical associations between individual species
and cognitive performance in our youngest subset (0 to 6 months),
it may be because brain developmental trajectories begin \textit{in utero},
and microbial influences (that can only begin at birth)
take additional time to manifest.

> A prediction experiment aligned to that hypothesis,
> targeting future cognitive assessment scores using metagenomes acquired prior to 1 year of age,
> revealed a list of most predictive taxa for that task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In line with this hypothesis, RF models that were able to learn associations
between early-life microbiomes and future cognitive function scores (Figure 3).
```

> The top-ranked species on that list include several 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The top-ranked species for these models included several 
```

taxa that were important for predicting concurrent cognitive assessment scores after 18 months, notably
pathobiontic \textit{Enterobacteriaceae} such as
\textit{Escherichia} and \textit{Klebsiella}. 

> Representatives of this genus are known to be early and long-term persistent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Representatives of these genera are known to be early and long-term persistent
```

colonizers of infant intestine that can, in some settings,
promote inflammatory response \cite{popeEnterobacEarlyGut2019}.

> Parallel to those species, several tradinionally health-promoting and inflammation-mudulating representatives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contrast, several traditionally inflammation-reducing representatives
```

of the \textit{Bifidobacterium} genus,
from the early HMO-metabolizer \textit{B. longum} to the
later complex carbohydrate relying \textit{B. pseudocatenulatum} \cite{chungBifidoPsudocatenulatum2021},
commonly associated with weaning to solid food in early age,

> have also shown high relative importance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also showed high relative importance.
```

The involvement of most important taxa in different aspects of inflammatory response
resonate with previous findings that associate chronic inflammation with

> changes to neural responses in some types of stimula, notably visual\cite{xieChronicInfNeuro2019}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes to neural responses in some types of stimulae, notably visual\cite{xieChronicInfNeuro2019}.
```

it has been shown to have a divergent neuromorphology
\cite{hoogmanSubcorticalBrainVolume2017}.

Our ability to probe individual cognitive subscales provided

> results that also endorse previous findings and lay insight to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results that also endorse previous findings and provide insight to
```

potential gut-microbial connections between cognition and neuroanatomy.
For example, a longitudinal neurocognitive development study pointed at bilateral
associations between the thalamus and the EL component of the Mullen scales.

> Linking to this observation, we found previously-mentioned taxa such as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In line with this finding, we found that taxa such as 
```

\textit{B. wexlerae} and \textit{A. hadrus} to be among the top 15\% important predictors
on both left and right thalamus and the EL subscale.

> Another instance of those findings is a previously reported association between
> the central opercular cortex (COC) and Gross Motor development. In this case, we identified that
> butyrate-producing \textit{Fusicatenibacter saccharivorans} is among the 15\% most important predictors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, a previously reported association between
the central opercular cortex (COC) and Gross Motor development % {{CITE}}
was mirrored in the microbiome in this cohort; we found that the
butyrate-producing \textit{Fusicatenibacter saccharivorans} is among the 15\% most important predictors
```

Author: Citation added on later commit
